
- **USE CASE 1:** An organization wanting to protect itself from the financial risk of overspending in the cloud due to unauthorized, uncontrolled, and unexpected costs such as budget overruns and other anomalies.
- **USE CASE 2:** An organization wanting to be able to determine as accurately as possible the amount of estimated cloud spending for their cloud applications and workloads in advance of deployment. They also want to predict the amount of future cloud spending based on what is already being consumed and planned consumption.
- **USE CASE 3:** An organization wanting to drive cost efficiency in their cloud applications and workloads. This includes wanting to identify inefficiencies even when spending is within expectations. Additionally wanting to address identified inefficiencies with corrective actions without compromising performance and SLAs.
- **USE CASE 4:** An organization wanting to drive spending accountability among the organization's cloud consumers. This includes wanting the consumers to engage in the cloud financial management practices as much as necessary to develop a culture of cost-consciousness. Additionally, wanting to provide incentives to raise awareness and solicit action.
- **USE CASE 5:** An organization wanting to drive business value from their cloud investments.  This includes wanting to measure the value of cloud applications and workloads and correlate it to cloud costs on a per unit basis. This also includes wanting to use business value metrics to promote good behavior and best practices throughout the cloud community of practice to increase business outcomes while reducing costs.
- **USE CASE 6:** A solution provider wanting to provide cloud financial management and FinOps services to customers. This includes wanting to consume aggregated cost information from all customers but also providing them with visibility of their spending. Additionally, wanting to perform actions to optimize customer spending while protecting their SLAs.  Finally, wanting to maximize margins through cloud re-billing and discount aggregation.