Team,

Purpose of this email is to share that we will be going from a geographic territory model to a named accounts model the week after sales training is complete. I wanted to outline the rules of engagement once the model is deployed so you can start to think about your respective lists. The goal of this initiative is to optimize our coverage model and to focus our attention on the opportunities that represent our quickest path to revenue. This will also allow Marketing to support more of an ABM model approach so we can go deep with our best prospects.

1. Every rep will select 50 prospect accounts. Existing Customers will remain with the rep who closed the business and don't count against your 50. The exception will be Shishir who will get 4 but any and all accounts associated with his list will be considered part of his territory such as Ingram for example. Federal will remain with Samantha and will count as 4 prospect opportunities.
2. We will revisit the list every quarter. If you have not had any meaningful activity within 90 days that account will move off your list and go back into "no man's land" unless you have a good justification why there's been no progress. 
3. The initial list will contemplate all accounts that there are current activities in. We will supplement the list via an NFL style draft to round out the 50 with reps taking turns for selecting accounts. Selections will commence the week after sales training. 
4. My guidance is to not select the biggest accounts but rather the ones that represent the shortest path to revenue. Remember, once an account closes it moves from your target 50 prospects to your permanent existing customer list
5. You are not precluded from selecting accounts not within your immediate geographic proximity. In other words, if you have relationships that can be leveraged, we want to take that into consideration, even if the account is in another part of the country. Let's just be mindful about the selections. (e.g. If you are East Coast based don't pick 50 accounts in the West and vice versa).
6. All inbound leads outside of your 50 accounts will come to me initially for assignment. Leads will be distributed according to the following criteria at my discretion: 1. Who is responsibly working the leads (e.g. Jumping on them right away and working them). 2. Geographic proximity. 3. Demonstrated domain expertise. 4. Fairness. So basically, the leads will be given to those who demonstrate they are following our processes and effectively moving deals through the pipeline. They will become a reward for reps who are doing the right things. Assigned leads will not count towards your 50. 

I'm sure there will be lots of questions and some grey areas to sort out. I promise we'll answer those in the coming days. For now, please start thinking about your wish list and stack ranking your requests in order of priority. Pull all your existing opportunities to start the list and send to Nick to aggregate. Nick, please send out a meeting invite for the week of the 25th to commence the draft. Good Selling.