Team,

I just got through a preliminary pipeline review with Will and Nick and I'm disturbed at the volume of opportunities that have been open for hundreds of days with no progress or defined next steps. Needless to say, this is artificially inflating our pipeline and making it impossible to forecast our long-term business and rolling 12-month pipeline.  I am less concerned about why this has been the case historically and more concerned about course correction on a go-forward basis. Your immediate action over the next 2 weeks is to close out or move to nurture all dead opportunities. You can always re-open opportunities if circumstances change down the road. I need a clean and reliable forecast. 

Within the next 2 weeks I will be rolling out a new 9 step sales process. Each of the 9 steps will be straightforward and binary (e.g. You have either accomplished the objective or you haven't). As part of our new cadence, we will be reporting towards the end of the forecast review all opportunities that have lagged for 30+ days during a particular stage. By the subsequent FC call you will be tasked with either 1.) progressing the opportunity to the next stage, 2.) closing the opportunity, or 3.) providing reasonable justification why the opportunity should remain open for some reasonable period of time. Pipeline integrity is absolutely critical to the effective management of the business and impacts all functional areas (Sales, Marketing, Finance, CS etc.). Bottom line: it's a very big deal. 

Nick, once the new sales stages have been rolled out, please amend the FC call to 2 hours and get with Will to decide which of you will take responsibility for reporting on 30 days lags for all new opportunities. Good selling, good reporting, and good forecasting!!